[MOB-9934] Fix `BugReporting.setInvocationEvents` (#256)
Instabug/Instabug-Flutter: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> * Fixes BugReporting.setInvocationEvents always setting them to none.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes an issue with BugReporting.setInvocationEvents on iOS that always set the event to none.
```
